I've been fishing for most of my life
I've learned over the years that a big
issue for fishermen has always been the
fact that even the best tied knots can
fail and all knots put stress on the
line we lose expensive lures and most
importantly we lose fish as a product
developer I realized there's got to be a
better way we assembled a team of
experts from across the country to
create a better knot what we realized is
there isn't a better knot what we needed
to do was eliminate the not entirely our
team developed a solution that was quick
easy and most importantly worked without
failing introducing the taut and line
welder
we know that knots are the weak point of
a lure or hook tied on a line this
eliminates that weak point makes it
incredibly easy to do that so if you're
not a good knot tire for some reason
whether you're your vision is limited or
whether your deck steering your fingers
isn't what you'd like it to be or maybe
you haven't practiced enough and maybe
you're more casual fisherman this really
levels the playing field with regard to
achieving that strong union of your line
to your lure your hook technologies
change in fishing since we've been using
string to catch fish to now we're using
fluorocarbon and monofilament lines well
these have been beneficial tying them is
extremely difficult and it becomes
almost an art form to do so at the same
time it weakens the line we've proven
that our welds allow you to get the full
strength out of any line that you use
this hook has an improved clinch knot
tied to it these knots work pretty well
but when you undo the hook or the knot
you'll see that you get kinks in the
line and these kinks cause weaknesses in
the line what we've done is we proven
that our weld because it doesn't have
kinks will allow you to get the full
strength out of the line performing a
weld couldn't be easier simply open the
weld door insert your line with hook or
lure assembly over the posts and drop it
down into the cavity close the mold door
and hit the Go button the process will
now begin the green light will flash and
once it becomes solid you know your weld
is complete
every experienced fisherman knows they
can sit down and tie if you know a
fairly reliable knot
so if they're if they're put to the
challenge that's something they can do
that's the that's really not the hard
part the hard part is you know
throughout each day tying a series of
repeatable knots
you know without a single failure and to
do that under all weather conditions all
fishing conditions
you know boat Rock and hands freeze and
hands sweaty suntan lotion on your hands
you know you want to have that reliable
not every time we are excited to
introduce the line welder to the fishing
community we spent the last three years
developing the taut line water there's
been a substantial amount of R&D
involved in producing a quick easy and
reliable tool that's innovative and
actually kind of cool we're looking for
adventurous early adopters who are as
excited about this product as we are if
you want to catch bigger fish spend more
time fishing or you're just interested
in new fishing technology we invite you
to join us in making this product a
success we couldn't do it without your
interest and support from all of us at
tout in sports welcome aboard
you